I like this. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. And notice how much this is love.
Self
love. Eyes
open. Yeah. Look at them.
Yeah. I needed this. How do I love
myself is a question that I often get
when I'm doing public coaching. And in
this video, you're going to watch a man
really go through that and feel the
underlying shame that creates that
inability to love yourself. If you're
interested in this or if this is what
you're going through, follow along and
enjoy. Why don't well, why do I tend
to dismiss my
accomplishments and also to even more
than ignore my needs? I feel like I
dismiss them or feel like I not right to
have them. How how how is the answer to
that question going to help
you? What's the thing that that what's
that str the strategy of getting that
question answered gets you what?
Um I mean my immediate reaction is like
some way of loving myself maybe more.
Okay.
So what makes it the question isn't how
do I love myself or Yeah. Yeah. I mean
it's literally that.
So it's a one of the ways that you think
of loving yourself is to acknowledge
your accomplishments. One of the ways
you think of loving yourself is what
else? What was the other one? Uh
acknowledging that I have needs and not
dismissing them. Maybe. Okay. What makes
you say maybe?
I guess I'm just
not a certain discomfort with with
something. It feels like
Okay. So, tell tell me what give give me
a need that you are uncomfortable
with. I think I have a hard time
articulating those. Um being seen,
recognized, not just accepted, but
welcomed.
Yeah.
Cool. Great. Show me what it would be
like to welcome yourself right now.
Oh, you did it for a second. What
happened?
Felt like it was in here for a second
and then it
either I pulled away.
Yeah. Let's go back. Go back to
welcoming yourself and notice what makes
you
stop. Just be with it. You're going to
Yeah, there it is. What happened? What'
you do?
Like I just quieted.
So, okay. How is it to hold a quiet and
a welcoming at the same time?
So, what I notice is you're there's some
trying that's going on in your system
right now. There's some trying to figure
it out. But the first time you welcomed
yourself, it was an immediate
I feel like I try a lot. I feel like
it's sort of my Cool. So, welcome.
Welcome the trying.
Okay. Yeah.
There you are. Yeah.
feels lighter. Yeah.
Like I can move. Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah. What What happened? I stopped
again. Yeah. So, there's a there's this
opportunity potentially. You could just
be walking through life welcoming
yourself. I could. Yeah. Right. which
will then you'll then beat yourself up
for not doing and then you'll you know
like that whole [__] thing will
happen right you know. Yeah. I wouldn't
know anything about that. Yeah. Exactly.
Right.
Right. Right. So the other thing that
I'm noticing is the more you welcome
yourself the redder your face is
getting because
Yeah. And some acknowledgement too. How
much how much is this right that there's
an acknowledgement as you welcome
yourself, you're actually being seen and
welcomed by all these people. Oh, it's
[__] awesome.
Okay. Thought I'd be a lot more scared
of it than I am. I'm going to feel a
little
a little nerves. Oh, like keep welcoming
yourself. I don't want to like the idea
now is that you're going to welcome
yourself in this whole conversation.
Okay. There's no reason to stop. So,
yeah. And it's going to bring some crazy
ass emotions up as you said. Oh my god.
Yeah. I can
bunch of bubbling there. Yeah. Yeah. You
So back to welcoming. Welcome the
trying. Welcome the trying. Yeah. Yeah.
And then just name the things that come
up and then tell me how you're welcoming
them.
I just feel like a sense of trying to be
open here. Yeah. It's like so welcome
that trying.
Okay. And welcome the openness.
Okay. And welcome the resistance to
being open.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. So, the question was, "How do I
love myself?" Yeah.
How we doing?
I feel like I'm better. I'm on a Yeah.
I want to say I'm on a path. So that
that's how it works is as you welcome
whatever
arises and it's a welcoming. It's like I
I can't wait for you. Whether it's the
sadness or the flushing or
the resistance to the resistance against
the longing, the
trying. So, so tell me what's required
right now.
Um, what's
required to like welcome the whole thing
in this moment
a desire to do it. You have that. I do.
So, let's let's see it. Let's see what
it looks like just to welcome all of it
in this
moment.
Feels like I want to open my arms.
Great.
Yeah. You know this place, man. This is
not your first time here. No.
Is this what happens when you're
working?
Not consistently, but
Ah, so that's self- judgment. You can
welcome that too.
Yeah, that that's good.
Yeah. Yeah. So some so this is this is
Yeah. Stay stay with exactly what's
happening and I want to point out a
pattern. The pattern is that you know
that place but after you are in that
place somehow you it you you have a
learning that you need to feel shame
after that place. Yes.
right? That being that big and peaceful
and spacious is a shameful thing because
someone was jealous of you and so shamed
you out of it when you went
there. Something like
that. So go back there to the welcoming
everything for a minute and when that
shame
arises Yeah. Don't Yeah. Yeah.
And when that shame arises, welcome that
too.
Okay.
Wow. Yeah. How is that shame when that
shame is welcomed? How is it different
than
It's actually doesn't feel I don't feel
as much resistance as I would have
thought. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So this is what happens in
your work too. You you you go to that
place and then you feel some sort of
shame. You beat yourself up for
something self-critical. Something pulls
you out of
the out of that place of complete
welcoming.
Yeah. And then you tell yourself some
story that if you didn't criticize
yourself like that, you wouldn't have
the drive to improve. What what's what's
the story you tell yourself?
Um just that like it's I I'm not allowed
to have it. Yeah. Cool.
I think about what you've said about
being in a comparative mindset and I
think about how often I do that.
Can you welcome that?
I can't. Right.
I welcome I welcome my comparative
mindset. It helps me be good in work.
There's a brilliance in it. Yeah. Yeah.
That's great.
Yeah. Wow. So part of the issue is that
you criticize yourself, but the other
part of the issue is that you resist the
experience entirely. Right. You call it
bad. I shouldn't be doing that.
Yeah. Right.
So your question was how do you love
yourself
and or how do you give yourself needs?
How how do you allow yourself the
needs? So what's the need that wouldn't
get
met if you were welcoming?
What's the need that wouldn't get met if
I if
any a need to to to do better to compare
to
Yeah. If you were welcoming that, how
would that then I wouldn't then what's
the problem? Yeah. Yeah.
So, let's go back to you just welcoming
yourself in the conversation because one
of the things I notic is that you're
really good at welcoming the thing when
you're in your own space. Mhm. And
you've created a really nice own space.
But when you get in front of somebody
else, there's some way in which
you do that false humility thing. Oh, I
do that a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It's a
defensive thing. It must be. Yeah. So,
just be with everybody here on the call
with that
welcoming, that deep welcoming.
Yeah.
I like this. Yeah.
Yeah. And notice how much this is love.
Self
love. Eyes
open. Yeah. Look at them.
Yeah. I needed this.
Yeah. And tell me what would make it
that you don't deserve this.
Nothing. Nothing. Yeah.
Pleasure.